hey there everybody so today i will make
a short video to show how to connect
your bb RC camera into your one point
three gigahertz transmitter and the main
reason I'm making this gives when I try
to connect man up I cannot find any
youtube videos or diagrams on this
camera on how to hook it up to the one
point three gigahertz system so to start
out the camera that I'm using is right
here from bv RC is the KX one to one its
31 99 from be EVR see and it's also the
same camera from bach tech javi the CM
to 10 which is thirty nine ninety and
this is the camera you can see and then
this is my one point three gigahertz
transmitter so when you buy this camera
you gonna have a plug that's in the back
of it that looks like this you going to
have the white in which is plugged into
the camera and then at the other end
you're gonna have this black plug which
would if you have the 2.4 gigahertz or
5.8 gigahertz transmitter we plug
directly to the back of the transmitter
as you can see right there which makes
it plug and play and really easy to use
however the one point three gigahertz as
you can see has no plug for it so you
have to make your own basically when you
cut this in half you don't see a bunch
of wires poking out that you don't know
what is what so i'm gonna show you real
quick if you have this plug where the
little prong right here is facing
upwards and then we start on the right
you're going to have a green and a blue
wire which i don't think you can see
these colors but on the very right to
green and blue wire that is going to be
your negative and then in the middle
here you're going to have the two
multicolored waters and that is your
positive virus and then on the very left
you're going to have two more bars which
is a red wire and a cup of water and
these go to the video output so
basically i did after i cut this i got
my wires together
and then wired them to my transmitter
and then I plugged it up to the power
source and nothing was happening I
cannot get this plug right here to work
with the camera on the transmitter at
all so I don't know but I could not get
it to work so I basically just do this
out and what I did was take this case
off the back not soldered wires directly
into the prongs that are in the back of
this camera and I made a little diagram
right here to show you which prong is
which and if we start at the very right
with the plug in the bottom right-hand
corner the first prong is your video
then the second prong is going to be
your negative lead and then the third
prong is going to be your positive for
your power source so as you can see
right here I have a black wire well
don't pay attention to these colors
because the colors are wrong if you look
at it these are the only wires i had i
need to go to the store and buy some
more this was just for demonstration
purpose and to make sure it was working
so the problem very right is my video
which is this black wire that's hooking
up to the yellow wire that goes to my
transmitter and then the second from the
right is my negative wire which is your
ground and that hooks up to this black
wire on your transmitter and then the
third from the right is your positive
and that's going to hook up to the red
wire on your transmitter so you can have
power and i plan on extending these
wires and plug in New use a new plugs
for it when I have my final set up so
and then this white wire you can see
right here is for a microphone which
this camera does not have a microphone
so you're not going to be using that and
I had to did have it plugged up to my TV
earlier to see if it worked and it was
working great and I'll show that after i
get my seven inch monitor in the bell it
should be here hopefully in the next
week and also when i have more free time
on my hands because I've been busy
studying for boards as you can see all
these books right here these books right
here
I've been studying for the past couple
weeks and haven't had much time so
hopefully here soon I'll have a little
more time and I'll make a video on the
complete set up after i get everything
else in the mail and i have it all set
up and walk you through how everything
is set up then and also plan on making a
video for that plane right there that i
built a month ago and posted a video in
youtube on how it was set up haven't
made it yet so i plan on made in that
too so stay tuned for more videos to
come in the future